I am updating my documention inside obsidian for how this model is desired to work and why/how. 

the obsidian vault is at C:\Users\ConorO’Sullivan\OneDrive - Peak Emulsions\Documents - Tech sharepoint\XX_Conor\PeakEmulsions. Where there is a folder called 03_Research/Numerical Model which holds most of teh research and notes associated with the model. THis section needs updating. 

The overall model project repo is quite large and has gone through many iterations and thinkings which may lead to a clouded not taking route to obsidian. 

Receenty we have been wroking with referene to docs/03_stage_timigns/v3 and with /stepgen/models/Stage_wiseV3. 

In here i am trying to focus on splitting the droplet generation event into two 'stages' stage 1 brings the oil meniscus from the reset position to the edge (and over the edge of teh junction/DFU edge) whichs seems accrofing to a brief look at experimental data is tied to trad fluid flow (DP, resistancce etc) which poteilly some effects making it non-perfect/ideal (which we might look into later). SDtage 2 begins when the droplet bulbs starts to form, there is inflow of continous phase into the DFU which causes necking and eventual pinch-off of the droplet. 

Experiemtnal resutls show a strong correlation with oil inlet prssure and stage 1 timings with some slight variation in stage 2 timings. see C:\Users\ConorO’Sullivan\OneDrive - Peak Emulsions\Documents - Tech sharepoint\Product\V4.2\ChipTesting\Flow-stage_timings.xslx. In sheet V5_30_3 clean there is a table of data shwoing the the stage 1 (sum of stage 1 and 2, in this doc) and stage 2 (called stage 3 in thsi doc) for the same device using same cont flowrate and varying oil pressure, for various DFU locations throughout the device. Where as DFU number increaes teh length from the Oil and water inelts also increase. 

This all ties into easlier parts of the model (based on reference code in /step_gen_seed) which lookaed at the entire fludic system as a nodeal network of pressures, flwos and resistances. used to determine local pressures and flows based on geometriclly/fludiics set resistances and input parameters Q and P. 

Do you need further direction for the overviedw of teh ssytem? 

eventually ina  perfect world i wantt o veb able to predcit (or know) the length L that a DFU oil mensicus would reset back to once a droplet generation event was complete. (potentially this ties into device dfu geometry and/or fluid prorpeties e.g contact angle, viscosity , interfcial tension, surfactnat concentration etc etc) then with the nodal netowrk know the local DP and R to determine flowrate through the DFU and thus predict stage 1 timings. Stage 2 timings might just have to be empirically determined via experiments again maybe altering the afformetnioend fluid properties to see how they impact this step? or maybe they dont kwno knwos. amybe this timeing is locked to the device gemoerty... we dont knwo at this stage yet. but in any case we should be able to now predict locally based on the entwrol and withsome empircal knwoledge of the stage 2 how many drops are produced per DFU per second. tehn again tiging into teh nodal network (feedingabck in, itertively) predict overall oil throughpout, how droplet prodction varies across teh device, local DP hotspots hwere it may be likely that reverse flow or blowout flow occurs etc etc. 

All in all this is to both help design new devices (setting a desired droplet size, maximisig oil throughput, optimising for a flat droplet prodcuionr rate) or simply comparing experimetnal results to a modelled design. 

I want you to help document the 'correct' parts of this project repo into my obsidian format. Try if you can to keep the main notes of the model to the Numerical model folder. there maybe other 'concept' notes that you feel either need en explanation or shoudl be stored elsewhere and/or only act as nodal connectors in our not system. this si fine. i want to encourage you to flush out all avenues not lmiting yourself to conent that is only abaialable in the code repo but e.g (you dont actually haev to do this its just an idea so you knwow aht im talking about) you could make /research notes on surface activation due to their links to contact angle and thus stage 2 timings etc etc. the important think is correct obsidian tagging and note links and correct, simplified information. it is info to be read by everyone in the organizationa nd so should be robust to read and understand while proviing detail in teh areas that matter most. i have already made a note summariseing the droplet generation stage timings ([[Droplet generation stage timings]]
) so you have contect of how i write and make notes. lets plan out and see what you think. let me knwo what notes you woud make, brief explanation of content and what this links to (why you wnaat to make it ). any questiosn feel free to ask 